40% - 60% chance of hitting
Roughly 4 damage per strike



Moss Skeletons - Ancestor of intelligent vines (cross-species gene transfer)
				 Moss grows on dead bodies, controls movement

Eagle Hydra	- Hydra with beaks

Serpent with dragonfly wings

Pincer Spider - Large spider climbs through trees, two large claws

ROUS - Rodent of Unusual Size

Silverbats - Semi-Aquatic Bats, Swoops down from trees into swamp to hunt.

Rhinodillo - Large plated creature, defends self by charging and rolling at attackers.

Sand Amoeba - "Slithers" through sand, absorbs creatures above it for moisture.

Domestic Wyvern - Uses wings to burrow (can't fly), feathered, food for Sandrunners, 
	can smell Veris Root

Veris Root - Undersand root that grows in the desert. Congregates around sources of
	water, but grows tubes out to seek new oases.

Babel Fish - Myconid invention, a flower bulb that attaches to neck and allows wearer 
	to communicate using pheremones after a learning period.

Bloodcrazed - Alphas are the only species that can successfully bond with the Omega
	symbiote, other species that attempt to bond or are acidentally infected can have
	one of two things happen.
	
		First, the symbiote can drastically increase the host's metabolism causing the 
	normal increased agility, strength, and constitution at the cost of the symbiote
	having to absorb the host's blood for sustenance. This requires the host to make
	frequent blood transfusions in order to stay alive. The transfusion process can be
	done peacefully, but other factors can cause this to be a problem. Increased metabolism
	causes the host's internal body temperature to increase, leading to mental breakdown and
	rage. Use of expanded ability causes faster absorbtion of blood and increased body temp.
	
		Alternately, the symbiosis can cause the omega symbiote to have its metabolism
	increased. The host gains no immediate increase to ability, but every few weeks, the
	omega symbiote will go into "bloom". Stalks similar to an Alpha's grow out of the host's
	entire body. As the omega's "roots" increase in size, the host's nervous system is put
	under intense pressure. This, combined with the pain of the "bloom", causes the host to
	revert to a feral state. After an amount of energy is expended, the stalks fall off the
	host and everything goes back to normal, until the next "bloom".
	
Insect Starfish - Just insect legs

Giant Snakes - Live in the desert

Grootslang - Elephant Snake (huge)