Primalism	-
	Practitioners:
		Makara
		Narashima
		Humans

	Unda-Luva	(Water Goddess)
	Agrennum	(Earth God)
	Frior		(Fate God)
	Praesid		(Sun God)
	Sidessa		(Moon Goddess)
	Coell		(Chaos Goddess)
	Fulgur		(Lightning God)

Beginning Myth:	
	In the beginning there was only the Ordinatuum, primordial beings 
wielding great power. Chief among them was Coell, the goddess of chaos,
and her consort, Fulgur, the lightning god. From their union they created
the heavens, a formless void pocketed by glimmering points of energy. 
	In this void, Unda-Luva, the water goddess, and Agrennum, the earth 
god, found each other and created the World and it's races. The races were
overjoyed and praised their creators, but this made Coell and Fulgur
jealous. They searched their creation for Unda-Luva and Agrennum, but to
protect them, Praesid and Sidessa, the sun and the moon, took turns 
keeping an eternal guard for the couple. 
	This went on for ages, but eventually they were found out and a grand 
battle commenced. Coell and Fulgur were strong, but against the strength 
of four others they were at a stalemate. On the world, natural disasters
reigned and the races cried out for an end. They made a pact with Frior,
the god of fate, trading servitude in death for a stop to the conflict.
So many souls had been claimed by the disasters that their worship now
made Frior the most powerful Ordinatuum. Using these new powers, he quickly
dispatched his siblings, finishing the war.
	Without the Ordinatuum fighting, some order was restored in the world,
however, without their control of the elements, natural disasters would
still occur, just less often. But life was able to persist, survive, and 
prosper.

End Times:
	Primalism teaches that fate will come to every man and this includes
even the god of fate, Frior. Someday, he will die and all the souls will
be free from bondage. 


Communalism:

	Practitioners:
		Kodama
		Umibozu
		
	Communalists believe that all sentient beings are actually the same 
entity being born and reborn throughout time as a means of teaching. The 
entire universe is an embryo, allowing the entity to grow spiritually
until finally learning how to ascend and start a new state of being.

	Members try to gain spiritual enlightenment to either try to be the
reincarnation that ends up ascending, or to pass the knowledge on to help
a future incarnation. Communalists have amassed a large collection of
teachings from those that have come before.

	Missionary work is encouraged as any being has the potential to be
the one that will ascend and reach enlightenment, or to be the one to
bring enlightenment to another member.

	Despite all people being the same entity, only certain sects practice
pacifism, others teach fatalism, that the universe is static and anything
that happens is because it leads the entity to ascension, still others
think that the reincarnation process is guided by the spiritual readiness
of the previous body, and so those that are lesser beings are that way
because of something the entity did in a previous life and must attone for.


Libraeity

	Practitioners:
		Satyrs
		Humans

	The universe is controlled by four deities, each representing a different
aspect of human nature. Alairin, the god of law; Ennet, the goddes of chaos;
Rotes, the Goddess of good; Dayry the God of evil. The world to these beings
is a game, bets between gods and trials of mortals are simply means of proving
power and providing entertainment.

	Aside from a few who think they have been called to challenge, most
believers don't allow their belief to dictate their lives. However, prayer or
worship is done when favor is requested from the gods. To Ennet for freedom
from oppression, to Alarin to right a wrong, and to Rotes for luck. No
mainstream believers pray to Dayry, but some cults have sprung up who try to
make deals with him for increased power.


Children of the Ancient Lord

	Practitioners:
		Umibozu
		Makara

	Deep in the oceans lives a powerful and ancient beast, kept asleep only by
the continual rituals of its practitioners. All live in fear of what might
happen were the beast to resurface as the last time it roamed the world, the
continents became separated and Icthyran civilization was destroyed, many say
because they abandoned the water to live on land. Icthyrans believe that a hero
defeated the beast long ago and now their rituals keep it asleep, Lizardfolk 
believe that the beast isn't being kept asleep by anything and thus everyone
should prepare themselves for an ultimate battle.



Myrmidon	- Goddess (Brood Queen) was the first creature in the world. From
				her, all the creatures and species were first born. But she
				looked upon the world and was sad. So she created the Thri-kreen,
				a species based on her. Each queen is a direct descendant of the
				Brood Queen and so considered to be the Goddess incarnate. Each
				Queen takes a single mate from the leader class, who are then
				considered to be the voice of the Goddess, though higher hives
				can override. Leaders elect the mate. 



Garuda - Their land used to be a lush valley between two rivers, 
	God created them in his image to inhabit this great land. Time passed
	and people thought they didn't need God anymore. Seeing this, God became
	angry and decided to cleanse the world. He sent fire from the sky and
	from the ground turning the valley into a desert.
	
	One group, however, still remained faithful. God decided to spare them.
	but first, he tested them. He struck them unable to fly, but still they
	praised him. So he appeared to them and told them to walk to the top of
	the largest mountain, as they did they saw their previous land destroyed
	by the fires. God appeared again to them, explaining that life from now
	on would include hardships, but those who worshipped him and lead a
	faithful life would be rewarded with a return to the valley of their
	origins and flight restored to them. To remind them of this pact,
	God turned the mountain they were on into a volcano as a symbol of the
	fire that destroyed the land.





Multiple core gods, expansive, permissive, involve themselves in the world
Group of original primary gods, their children form groups of pantheons

M-	Sky
F-	Oceans / Seas
	Trade
	Lightning
	Stars / Direction
	Freedom
	Rain
	Boats
	
M-	Earth
F-	Rivers / Lakes
	Life / Harvest / Fertility
	Wilderness / Hunting / Moon
	Plenty / Fun / Alcohol
	Travel / Roads 
	
M-	Shadow
F-	Light
	Justice / Order / Civilization
	Magic / Knowledge / Medicine
	Secrets
	Luck / Fate

Patron Deities of Areas



Wildlings
Hillfolk
Pagans